add velero integration doc (#1067)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/working-with-velero.md

# Integrate Velero to back up and restore Karmada resources

[Velero](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero) gives you tools to back up and restore 
your Kubernetes cluster resources and persistent volumes. You can run Velero with a public
cloud platform or on-premises.

Velero lets you:

- Take backups of your cluster and restore in case of loss.
- Migrate cluster resources to other clusters.
- Replicate your production cluster to development and testing clusters.

This document gives an example to demonstrate how to use the `Velero` to back up and restore Kubernetes cluster resources

> and persistent volumes. I'll backup Kubernetes resources in `member1`, and then restore those to `member2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and persistent volumes. Following example backups resources in cluster `member1`, and then restore those to cluster `member2`.
```

## Start up Karamda clusters
You just need to clone Karamda repo, and run the following script in Karamda directory.
```shell
hack/local-up-karmada.sh
```

And then run the below command to switch to the member cluster `member1`.
```shell
export KUBECONFIG=/root/.kube/members.config
kubectl config use-context member1
```

## Install MinIO
Velero uses Object Storage Services from different cloud providers to support backup and snapshot operations.

> For simplicity, I'll take `MinIO`, one object storage that runs locally on k8s clusters, for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplicity, here takes `MinIO`, one object storage that runs locally on k8s clusters, for an example.
```

```

In `member2`, we can also get the backup that we created in `member1`:
```shell
# velero backup get
NAME           STATUS      ERRORS   WARNINGS   CREATED                         EXPIRES   STORAGE LOCATION   SELECTOR
nginx-backup   Completed   0        0          2021-12-10 15:16:46 +0800 CST   29d       default            app=nginx
```

Restore `member1` resources to `member2`:
```shell
# velero restore create --from-backup nginx-backup
Restore request "nginx-backup-20211210151807" submitted successfully.
```

Watch restore result, you'll find that the status is Completed.
```shell
# velero restore get
NAME                          BACKUP         STATUS      STARTED                         COMPLETED                       ERRORS   WARNINGS   CREATED                         SELECTOR
nginx-backup-20211210151807   nginx-backup   Completed   2021-12-10 15:18:07 +0800 CST   2021-12-10 15:18:07 +0800 CST   0        0          2021-12-10 15:18:07 +0800 CST   <none>
```

And then you can find deployment nginx will be restored successfully. 
```shell
# kubectl get deployment.apps/nginx
NAME    READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
nginx   2/2     2            2           21s
```

> For more details about Velero, you can search for in [Velero Github Repo](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero)
> or [Velero Website](https://velero.io/)
> 
> To finish this doc, I reference the official doc from [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) 
> and [Velero](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero), and some contents are copied directly from documents from two communities, such as
> [Velero Doc](https://velero.io/docs/v1.7/contributions/minio/), [MinIO Doc](https://github.com/minio/minio/blob/master/README.md#gnulinux).
> Thanks a lot for the support of both two communities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reference

The above introductions about `Velero` and `MinIO` are only a summary from the official website and repos, for more details please refer to:
- Velero: https://velero.io/
- MinIO: https://min.io/

```

Author: all done.
